== README

This is a fork of Ryan Hemrick's Message Board sample application,
demonstrated at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wODY11lM7wk and
forked from https://github.com/RyanHemrick/Message-Board

I took the opportunity to add user first name and last name based
on:
http://jacopretorius.net/2014/03/adding-custom-fields-to-your-devise-user-model-in-rails-4.html

The goal of this project is to use it during an interview of a senior
developer. We present the project and ask the senior developer to
find security vulnerabilities in the project.

To the senior developer candidate:
The app is available online at https://aqueous-dawn-86978.herokuapp.com/
There's a user created with the email address, demo@clio.com.

We will demo this very simple application to you. We would like you to
take a look and see if you can find any security vulnerabilities in the
code. Depending on how you count the vulnerabilities, there are at least
three. You won't have time to find all three, though. Instead, we would
rather you take your time, telling us what you are looking for and
explaining any vulnerabilities that you find. You are welcome to ask us
any questions you wish, and we will prompt you occasionally as you go.
You have up to 25 minutes, after which we’ll wrap up with some discussion.

You may wish to focus on the following:
app/models/*
app/controllers/*
app/helpers/application_helper.rb (the other two are blank)
app/views/messages/* and app/views/comments/*
and of course, the Gemfile which lists the gems used by the application.

To the interviewer:
More information available at:
https://docs.google.com/a/clio.com/document/d/1PsbiOlKGq-pmmyEknSlcHPAR-PqL8mWyLqNav8eLKzY/edit?usp=sharing
